nanTo estimate the effort to fix the ATD is necessary, an evaluation of developers. So, it is necessary for a manual process to evaluate the efort.The data validation should be performed in a real industrial project.Only one project in short time of 9 months.nannannannannanThe study is a short paper with only two pages.Weak. The paper is more technical and describe a tool called sonargraph and its importance to check the software architecture. However, it is not a scientific study.nanThe study should be share the dataset used in evaluation of tools.nanThe graphs in this paper are not meant to represent precise data coming from a measurement system. Therefore the steepness of the curves and the projections might vary in real context. The magnitude for the contribution of each factor is also to be further assessed. However, we offer the recognition of factors that are not necessarily possible to be measured and therefore discovered by quantitative analysis, such as urgency and uncertainty. The results are qualitatively developed through a thorough research process and using a wide amount of qualitative data coming from more than 30 informants from 7 sites and with different roles, which allowed as to compare and test statements among themselves. Furthermore, architecture documentation has been evaluated as well as secondary data. This has allowed us to apply source triangulation [10].nannannannannanThe authro used a tool that analysis only java source code. There is no method to calculate the ATD cost.nanThe paper has only two pages.There is no ADTM process, there is no how to calculate ATD custSince there is only one studied system, the resulting method- ology is entirely based on such studied case and could there- fore potentially be limited to similarly designed architectures, e.g. where an intended architecture is realized as logical components deployed to ECUs.The study should be created an experimentation using real systems to compare each tool evaluated.The study did not explain the architectural debt used to refactoring in architectural system maintenance. We examine only two systems, albeit with very different designs and from two different firms. We cannot be sure that the findings would apply to other firms or sys- tems.The study evaluates only a few projects in java language from Qualitas Corpus. Maybe it does not apply to the industry or other software languages.The is no asses of effort waste to fix Architectural Smell. Besides, there is no monitoring of archicterual smell through the versions analysednanThe is no validation in a real software system to proof the proposed approuchThe qualitative data derived from the survey are not based on measured or observed data but on estimations made by the respondents.The study did not show how to measure the TD.There is no explanations or details about TD issues used in survey.nannannannanThere is no ATD index or specific metrics to architectural technical debtnanThe main tool used is a commercial tool and there is no free licence to get the tool to replicate the study.nanThe approuch to identify, estimate and calculate the scabality architectural issue is manual.nannanThere is no data or experimentation about the study. So, this is a theorical study.nan